Change 'Working with design' section (#1779)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/product/design/index.md

- #design channel or @design-team on Slack

## Working with design / requesting design work

Working with design should feel fluid, you should be able to open an issue or bring up a concern in slack, and receive actionable feedback: either implementable, or a call to explore further.

You should also not feel limited to words, images (sketches, or references made by editing the broswer DOM) are also encouraged. 

> ### GitHub Design Priorities project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Tracking design priorities
```

> Design Team uses this board for managing current and future work, design debt and work requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Design Team uses a [GitHub project board](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/66) for managing current and future work, design debt, and work requests.
```

Columns:

- Design debt - issues connected to design debt that haven't been scheduled yet
- **Backlog** - issues that need design work but don't have any development resources allocated and haven't been scheduled yet
- **Coming soon** - no designer assigned yet, development resources have been allocated. Add **design deadline** to the issue, if possible
- **Up next** - designer assigned, design work scheduled

> - In progress - ongoing design work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In progress - design work actively being worked on
```

- QA - design work done, designer is assisting the implementation

> - Measure success - design shipped, designer is working with the bizops team to analyse the impact 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Measure success - design shipped, designer is working with the BizOps team to analyze the impact 
```

> - Done - success measured, all work done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Done - success measured, all work completed to scope
```

### GitHub design labels

> - **needs-design** - for design work requests - add to 'design priorities' project, add a deadline, if possible..
> - **design** - for design-oriented issues. This label should be mostly used by designers
> - **design-debt** - for issues connected to the design debt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`needs-design`**: design work requests. Add to [Design priorities project](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/66) and if possible add a deadline.
- **`design`**: design-oriented issues. This label should be mostly used by designers
- **`design-debt`**: issues connected to design debt.
```

### Requesting design work

If you need some design help:

> - add the tag **needs-design** to your GitHub issue
> - you can assign one of the designers, if you already know who will take care of the issue
> - add your issue to the **[design priorities project]**(https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/66)
> - assign your issues to one of the columns - (see the 'GitHub Design Priorities project' section above for details)
> 
> Please, make it clear how urgent the issue is (adding the deadline is encouraged) and if development resources have been allocated. It is important to focus design team's attention on the work that can be implemented soon. 
> 
> Use #design Slack channel for any urgent matters or questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the **`needs-design`** tag to your GitHub issue
- Assign one of the designers if you know who will take care of the issue
- Add your issue to the [design priorities project](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/66)

Please clarify the urgency of the issue (adding a known deadline is encouraged) and if development resources have been allocated. It is important to focus the design team's attention on the work that can be implemented soon. 

Use the #design Slack channel for any urgent matters or questions.
```

Our design process is documented here: **[Design process](design_process.md)**

> ### Figma

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Figma
```
